Introduction.
When I started this project I was very confused. There was so many different 
aspects and I couldnt grasp them. As the module progressed, I slowly started to
understand the various ideas of the different algorithms based on informatrion
online and all the recorded lectures/labs given by Ian Mcloughlin.

Project.
The aim of the project is to create  a program in Python, that can search a text
file using a regular expression.

Python.
Python is a programming language. It is an interpreted, object-oriented, 
high-level programming language with dynamic semantics.
Python was easier to pick up than I had thought. The syntax is easy, the code is
very easy to read and it enables you to write a program in fewer lines of code,
compared to other programming languages. With no experience with Python before,
it took a little while to get used to but going through some online tutorials,
allowed me to pick it up quick enough. Python now ranking second in the most 
popular languages will only benefit me in the future

Automata.
Finite automation (FA) are used to recognise patterns. This was the most 
interesting part of the the project. I thoroughly enjoyed these lectures and did
consider them a sort of game. Consisting of an Accept state and a Reject state.
As the input string is prcoessed, its the job of the FA to accept or reject an 
input based on the pattern.

Nodes represent a step in the process.
Arcs represent movement from oine step to another.

Shunting Yard.
In computer science, the shunting-yard algorithm is a method for 
parsing mathematical expressions specified in infix notation. It can produce 
either a postfix notation string, also known as Reverse Polish notation (RPN), 
or an abstract syntax tree (AST). Created by Edsger Dijkstra.
infix - A Notation where operators appear between operands, for example a+b.
postfix - It is a mathematical notation in which operators follow their operands.

Thompson's Construction.
Thompson's constrcution algorithm is a way of converting a regular expression 
into an (NFA) nondeterministic finite automaton. Created by Ken Thompson. It is 
also known as McNaughton–Yamada–Thompson algorithm.



Reference Points

python
https://realpython.com/ - learn by example.

information
https://www.wikipedia.org/ - Wikipedia
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ - Geeks for geeks
https://stackoverflow.com/ - Stack overflow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYNN-tb9WxI - YouTube -  Regular expressions to NFA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wz85Hiwi5MY - YouTube – Shunting Yard Algorithm

Regular expressions
https://regex101.com/ - regex101: build, test, and debug regex
https://RegExr.com/ - RegExr: Learn, Build, & Test RegEx
They are great to use. Online tools to learn, build and test regular expressions. Both are similar but are a good way to wrap your head around regular expressions. Allows you to explore all avenues and gain a greater understanding.


